about a month really usually
things and sometimes I accidentally put
a 360 flip ocean and yeah if you can
help me look less
awesome man so thanks for sending in
your video it's great your Ollie was
good frontside 180 could use a little
bit of work but you can you probably
have better ones shoves find friendship
fine kickflip I think sometimes when i
do the pop coming online sorta in joint
and that probably be a problem on it off
and also my kick flips if you if you
don't notice like I would sorting line
in front of the nose I just can't seem
to get those problems down either so
yeah here my cool a lot of the problems
when you're landing too far forward is
the way that you're you're setting up
when you take off I'll do one with speed
and it does look like you're doing that
like leaning really far forward up
towards your front foot so then when you
pop the board it goes behind you yeah so
if you can help me they'll be pretty
cool what I've been doing to help my
things I'm you know just doing the
variable keep my back foot down and
catch you in my front I still don't get
the full flip
you told me how cool thanks a lot that
is a really good way to practice what
you're saying is step off your back foot
cool so let's see where we're at here
again just like you said it was a
problem on both the pop shove-it and the
kickflip just like you're saying you're
leaning too far forward so I would if I
were you take it back to the pop shuvit
and the kickflip and get used to doing
both of those while leaning back so
there's this sequence of tricks this
progression which you did follow and I
do want to say well done for that riding
basics how to ollie front 180 back 180
pop show French of he'll flip kickflip
but this is the exact reason why made
this sequence it's because if you're not
perfect on one of those earlier steps
then you try to add two together like in
the varial flip and it becomes really
difficult because you're already a
little bit shaky on your pop shuvit
because you're landing too far forward
on the nose and a little bit shaky on
the kickflip same reason because you're
leaning too far forward on the nose so
when you put both of those together and
do the varial flip your rent your
landing way too far forward too far
forward that you can't land so yeah like
I said take it back to those previous
tricks and practice doing those and
shoving the board more out in front of
you now the way that you do that is on
the take off you have to be leaning back
you can't lean back too far but just get
the idea if you wanted to kick the board
out in front of you you would lean back
and then as you popped you would push it
forward so that's what you have to do on
both the pop shuvit and the kickflip and
I would get really good at pushing it
forward on just the pop shove it and
just the kickflip and then I would
practice it with the varial flip so like
I said it would be great to have you
stepping off with your back foot
flipping it shoving it out in front of
you and then catching it with your front
foot on the varial flip you do catch it
with your front foot it is very similar
to a pop shove-it which you also catch
with your front foot so yeah feel free
to pop it but lean back in the back seat
eat and then put your front foot forward
while leaving your back foot on the
ground and just catch it and practice
that a ton of times notice when I take
off I'm not like I'm not leaning really
far forward when I say forward I don't
mean in this sense like more towards
your toes I mean more towards your front
foot because if you're leaning back if
you're standing straight up it's like a
perfect right angle like if we were to
draw a line it would be a perfect
straight up and down line so I want you
to lean back so it's like a slanted line
going back and in that way when you pop
it just the the force and the trajectory
will throw your board forward more out
in front of you so yeah get that down it
is a little bit complicated for me to
just explain that someday I'll do a full
video on it and do a nice graphic for
you be out for now those are the steps I
do know you can get this man you're
super close cool so for any of you guys
looking to master skateboarding get
skateboarding made simple it will help
you it is available on the iPad and
itunes for the iphone as an ibook so
check it out there as well